Section,Aspect,Agent,Score,Line_References,Details
Executive Summary,Narrative,Both,,"Both agents successfully convert Teradata PERIOD functions to Snowflake-compatible SQL. example3_periodFunctions_converted provides a clean, manual implementation using separate date columns, while example3_periodFunctions_snowconvert uses UDF-based approach with comprehensive migration metadata. Key differences include data modeling approach (separate columns vs VARCHAR with UDFs), syntax complexity, and migration documentation."
Detailed Analysis,Semantic Similarity,Both,85,"Lines 1-50 (both files)","Both outputs achieve the same functional goal of converting PERIOD functions to Snowflake. They implement identical business logic for OVERLAP, LDIFF, and RDIFF operations with the same test data. The core semantic intent is preserved across both approaches, though implementation strategies differ significantly."
Detailed Analysis,Structural Similarity,Both,70,"Lines 8-15, 17-50","Both follow similar high-level structure: table creation, data insertion, view creation, and final SELECT. However, example3_periodFunctions_converted uses a simpler two-column approach while example3_periodFunctions_snowconvert maintains original PERIOD structure through UDFs. The logical flow is comparable but implementation constructs differ substantially."
Detailed Analysis,Correctness,example3_periodFunctions_converted,95,"Lines 13-14, 26","Syntactically correct Snowflake SQL with minor issues: missing AS keyword in UNION ALL (line 26) and potential date comparison logic needs verification for LDIFF condition (lines 13-14). All table definitions, inserts, and view creation are properly formatted."
Detailed Analysis,Correctness,example3_periodFunctions_snowconvert,90,"Lines 15-20, 35-45","Valid Snowflake SQL with UDF dependencies. Assumes PUBLIC.PERIOD_UDF and related functions exist. Complex nested function calls are syntactically correct but depend on external UDF implementations. Migration comments and metadata are properly formatted."
Detailed Analysis,Correctness,Overall,92.5,,"Average of both agents' correctness scores. Both outputs are syntactically valid with minor considerations for external dependencies and edge cases."
Aspect,example3_periodFunctions_converted,example3_periodFunctions_snowconvert,Overall
Semantic Similarity,,,85
Structural Similarity,,,70
Correctness,95,90,92.5
Overall,83.3,83.3,82.5
Recommendations,Recommendation,example3_periodFunctions_converted,,"Add AS keyword in UNION ALL clause (line 26). Verify LDIFF date comparison logic for accuracy. Consider adding migration metadata for better traceability."
Recommendations,Recommendation,example3_periodFunctions_snowconvert,,"Ensure all UDF dependencies (PERIOD_UDF, PERIOD_OVERLAPS_UDF, etc.) are properly deployed. Consider simplifying nested function calls for better readability. Validate UDF implementations match expected PERIOD behavior."