Section,Aspect,Agent,Score,Line_References,Details
Executive Summary,Narrative,Both,,Lines 1-95,"Both agents produce functionally equivalent database operations for Employee table management. example1_DmlAndDdl_converted provides direct SQL DDL/DML statements while example1_DmlAndDdl_BTEQ_snowconvert wraps identical operations in Python with Snowflake-specific enhancements. Semantic alignment is excellent (95/100) with identical business logic. Structural differences (75/100) reflect different execution paradigms - direct SQL vs Python-wrapped SQL. Both outputs demonstrate perfect syntax correctness (100/100)."
Detailed Analysis,Semantic Similarity,Both,95,"Lines 8-35 vs 28-85","Both agents implement identical Employee table operations: CREATE with same schema (EmployeeID INT NOT NULL, FirstName VARCHAR(50), etc.), INSERT of 4 identical records (John Doe-HR, Jane Smith-Finance, Robert Brown-IT, Lucy White-Marketing), UPDATE EmployeeID 1 to Finance department, SELECT all records, DELETE EmployeeID 4, and DROP table. Minor semantic differences include Snowflake-specific COLLATE clauses and database prefixing in Agent 2."
Detailed Analysis,Structural Similarity,Both,75,"Lines 1-35 vs 1-95","Agent 1 uses direct SQL statement execution while Agent 2 employs Python function wrapping with exec() calls. Both follow identical logical sequence: DDL creation, DML operations (INSERT, UPDATE, SELECT, DELETE), and DDL cleanup. Agent 2 includes additional infrastructure: imports, connection handling, error management, and Snowflake-specific database context (CRASHDUMPS). Sequential flow preserved but execution paradigms differ significantly."
Detailed Analysis,Correctness,example1_DmlAndDdl_converted,100,"Lines 8-35","Perfect SQL syntax validation: Valid CREATE TABLE with proper constraints, syntactically correct INSERT statements with proper value formatting, valid UPDATE with WHERE clause, proper SELECT column specification, correct DELETE with WHERE condition, and valid DROP TABLE statement. No syntax errors, undefined references, or structural issues detected."
Detailed Analysis,Correctness,example1_DmlAndDdl_BTEQ_snowconvert,100,"Lines 1-95","Perfect Python and SQL syntax validation: Valid Python imports and function definitions, proper exec() function usage, syntactically correct embedded SQL statements, valid Snowflake-specific syntax (COLLATE clauses, database prefixing), proper error handling with snowconvert.helpers.error_code, and correct application termination logic. No syntax errors or broken references detected."
Detailed Analysis,Correctness,Overall,100,,"Both agents demonstrate perfect syntactic correctness. Agent 1 provides clean, standard SQL DDL/DML operations. Agent 2 delivers robust Python wrapper with Snowflake-optimized SQL including proper error handling and platform-specific enhancements. Average correctness score: 100/100."
Aspect,example1_DmlAndDdl_converted,example1_DmlAndDdl_BTEQ_snowconvert,Overall
Semantic Similarity,,,95
Structural Similarity,,,75
Correctness,100,100,100
Overall,,,90
Recommendations,Recommendation,example1_DmlAndDdl_converted,,"Lines 1-7","Consider adding comprehensive header documentation similar to Agent 2's detailed description. Current header lacks operational context and feature descriptions that would improve maintainability."
Recommendations,Recommendation,example1_DmlAndDdl_BTEQ_snowconvert,,"Lines 28-85","Consider adding inline comments within SQL blocks to improve readability. While Python structure is excellent, embedded SQL statements could benefit from operation-specific annotations."
Recommendations,Recommendation,Both,,"Lines 1-95","Both outputs successfully achieve identical business objectives through different technical approaches. Agent 1 offers simplicity for direct SQL execution environments. Agent 2 provides enterprise-grade Snowflake integration with robust error handling. Choice depends on target platform and operational requirements."